---
layout: post
title:  "Hello Everyone."
date:   2021-02-20 10:53:00 -0400
categories: Blog
---


## Hi everyone. Welcome to my website of notes and courses.


<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/CQhvppGGlxgA0" width="480" height="328" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
#### Note: This is just the start of my Python learning experience. I intend on progress thorugh the Google Crash Course on Python and creating some solid basic skills for my Cybersecuirty path.

In an effort to fully grasp my inner Hacker and technologist tendencies, I am learnign more and more skills this year. 
This site is made with Jekyll and is hosted on Github.io. 
I write all my posts using Markdown and I use VIM as my editor. 
Which I am just getting staretd with learnign also. 


## Where is the beef?
So there will hopefully be a few different types of people who come here to explore my topics. 
The notes, the exercises, something other than me. 
But I'll make sure to focus on the important things and keep away from being too goofy. 

## Building a great burger starts with the beef.
This is how it starts.

My intentions are to organize notes for classes by their subject. 
Currently the subjects contain:
- [Pytho](/Python/)
- [Linux](/Linux/)
- [Networking](/networking)
- [Cisco](/Cisco)
- [Windows Server 2016](/Server)

Also as I move towards my OSCP & CISSP you'll see plenty of that other topics also. 
In the [InfoSec section](/InfoSec) you'll find:
- Kali Tools
- CTFs
- General Networking
- Pentesting Techniques 


## What else is there?
Check with me on Twitter [@sendler32](https://twitter.com/sendler32) to keep up with when I post. 
Because this is a blog, you can also subscribe to it as an RSS. 

Okay. Fingers crossed this won't be the only post for the rest of eternity.

<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/llKJGxQ1ESmac" width="480" height="361" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>


Regards,

Sean.  
